Refactor use of deprecated gunicorn.six (#914)
openfisca/openfisca-core: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### 34.5.2 [#914](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-core/pull/914)

- Refactor the use of the now-deprecated `gunicorn.six` module.
  - In versions < 20, [gunicorn](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/19.3/custom.html) provided the `gunicorn.six` module.
  - In version >= 20, this [gunicorn](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/custom.html) module has been deprecated.

>   - This pull request adapts `openfisca serve` code to the new gunicorn API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adapt `openfisca serve` code to the new gunicorn API.
```
